Add Git datasource to load GC properties (#206)
nautobot/nautobot-plugin-golden-config: docs/quick-start.md

1. Enable the feature in the `PLUGIN_SETTINGS`. The configuration should have `"enable_compliance": True` set in the `PLUGINS_CONFIG` dictionary for `nautobot_golden_config`.
2. Follow the steps in [Backup Configuration](#backup-configuration).
3. Follow the steps in [Intended Configuration](#intended-configuration).
4. Create a Compliance Feature.

   1. Navigate to `Plugins -> Compliance Feature`.
   2. Click Add and give the feature a name. Typically this is based on the configuration snippet or section. E.g. "aaa".

5. Create a Compliance Rule.

   1. Navigate to `Plugins -> Compliance Rules`.
   2. Click Add and populate the fields, make sure the rule is linked to the feature created previously. See [Configuration Compliance Settings](./navigating-compliance.md#configuration-compliance-settings) for details.

6. Execute Compliance Check.

   1. Navigate to `Plugins -> Configuration Compliance`.
   2. Click on the `Execute` button and select `Compliance`.
   3. Select what to run the compliance on.
   4. Run the Job.

> For in-depth details see [Navigating Compliance](./navigating-compliance.md)

# Load Properties from Git

> Golden Config properties include: Compliance Features, Compliance Rules, Config Remove and Config Replace. They can be created one by one on the plugin, but you can also load them from a Git repository, defined in YAML files following the same directory structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Golden Config properties include: Compliance Features, Compliance Rules, Config Removals and Config Replacements. They can be created one by one in the plugin, alternatively you can load them from a Git repository, defined in YAML files following the same directory structure:
```

> Golden Config properties include: Compliance Features, Compliance Rules, Config Removals and Config Replacements. They can be created one by one in the plugin, alternatively you can load them from a Git repository, defined in YAML files following the same directory structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Golden Config properties include: Compliance Features, Compliance Rules, Config Removals, and Config Replacements. They can be created via the UI, API, or alternatively you can load these properties from a Git repository, defined in YAML files following the following directory structure:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: Can you provide a full tree here? including yaml files as an example.

├── golden_config
│   ├── compliance_features
│   ├── compliance_rules
│   ├── config_remove
│   ├── config_replace
```

> The files within these folders can follow any naming pattern or nested structure, all of them will be recursively taken into account.

> The `YAML` files will contain all the attributes necessary to identify an object and the other attributes to update. For example:

Reviewer: `and the other attributes to update` is confusing to me.  Can we expand?

`compliance_features` example:

```yaml
---
- name: "aaa"
  slug: "aaa"
  description: "aaa feature"
```

`compliance_rules` example:

```yaml
---
- feature_slug: "aaa"
  platform_slug: "cisco_ios"
  config_ordered: true
  match_config: |
    aaa
    line
    username
    role
    tacacs
  config_type: "CLI"
```

`config_remove` example:

```yaml
---
- platform_slug: "cisco_ios"
  name: "Build config"
  regex: '^Building\s+configuration.*\n'
```

`config_replace` example:

```yaml
---
- name: "username"
  platform_slug: "cisco_ios"
  description: "username"
  regex: '(username\s+\S+\spassword\s+5\s+)\S+(\s+role\s+\S+)'
  replace: '\1<redacted_config>\2'
```

> For Foreign Key references to `ComplianceFeature` and `Platform` we use the keywords `feature_slug` and `platform_slug` respectively.

> 1. Add the git repository that will be used to sync Git properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Git repository that will be used to sync Git properties.
```

   1. In the UI `Extensibility -> Git Repositories`. Click Add.
   2. Populate the Git Repository data for the GC properties. [Git Settings](./navigating-golden.md#git-settings)
   3. Make sure to select the **Provides** called `Golden Config properties`.
   4. Click Create.

> 2. Run `sync` and all the properties will be created. Take into account that if the dependencies are not available (for instance, a referenced `Platform` is not created), the specific import task will raise a `warning`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run `sync` and all the properties will be created. The import task will raise a `warning` if the dependencies are not available (for instance, a referenced `Platform` is not created).
```

> 2. Run `sync` and all the properties will be created. The import task will raise a `warning` if the dependencies are not available (for instance, a referenced `Platform` is not created).

Reviewer 2: Is this process declarative? If so, should document.

```
├── golden_config
│   ├── compliance_features
│   ├── compliance_rules
│   ├── config_remove
│   ├── config_replace
```

The files within these folders can follow any naming pattern or nested folder structure, all of them will be recursively taken into account. So it's up to you to decide how to you prefer to organize these files (within the previously stated directory structure):

````
├── golden_config
│   ├── compliance_features
│   │   └── all.yml
│   ├── compliance_rules
│   │   ├── my_rule_for_cisco_ios
│   │   │   ├── some_rules.yml
│   │   │   └── some_other_rules.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
│   ├── config_remove
│   │   ├── cisco_ios.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
│   ├── config_replace
│   │   ├── cisco_ios.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
``

The `YAML` files will contain all the attributes necessary to identify an object (for instance, a `ComplianceRule` is identified by the `feature_slug` and the `platform_slug` together) and the other attributes (the ones that are not used to identify the object). For example:

`compliance_features` example:

```yaml
---
- name: "aaa"
  slug: "aaa"
  description: "aaa feature"

> ````

Author: ```suggestion
```
```

````
├── golden_config
│   ├── compliance_features
│   │   └── all.yml
│   ├── compliance_rules
│   │   ├── my_rule_for_cisco_ios
│   │   │   ├── some_rules.yml
│   │   │   └── some_other_rules.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
│   ├── config_removes
│   │   ├── cisco_ios.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
│   ├── config_replaces
│   │   ├── cisco_ios.yml
│   │   └── juniper_junos.yml
``

The `YAML` files will contain all the attributes necessary to identify an object (for instance, a `ComplianceRule` is identified by the `feature_slug` and the `platform_slug` together) and the other attributes (the ones that are not used to identify the object). For example:

`compliance_features` example:

```yaml
---
- name: "aaa"
  slug: "aaa"
  description: "aaa feature"
````

`compliance_rules` example:

```yaml
---
- feature_slug: "aaa"
  platform_slug: "cisco_ios"
  config_ordered: true
  match_config: |
    aaa
    line
    username
    role
    tacacs

>   config_type: "CLI"

Reviewer: What about type "JSON"?  Would this still work?

Author: I have not tested, but it should work, there is no filtering

- name: "aaa"
  slug: "aaa"
  description: "aaa feature"

> ````

Reviewer 2: ??
